Access Mgmt Login Rule and IDP doc updates (#23094)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/login-rules/reference.mdx

`traits_expression` field.

They both serve the same purpose of transforming user traits.
The logic difference lies only in the syntax you prefer for your use case, since you can write
every `traits_map` as an equivalent `traits_expression`.

> `traits_map` will remove any traits not included while `trait_expression` will
> not. This is useful if you want to keep only a handful of traits while filtering
> everything else.

Reviewer: I'm making this suggestion to avoid being too specific about the `traits_expression` behaviour since it can be used in many ways. If you look at the first example `traits_expression` below, traits not specifically mentioned **will** be filtered out.

```suggestion
`traits_map` will remove any traits not specifically included, while the
`traits_expression` syntax allows you add or modify only specific traits
while keeping the rest unchanged.
The `traits_map` behavior can be useful if you want to keep only a handful
of necessary traits while filtering out all others.
```

---------- | ------
`union(set("a"), set("b"))` | `("a", "b")`
`union(set("a", "b"), set("b", "c"))` | `("a", "b", "c")`

> ## Maintaining Login Rule objects

Reviewer 2: This page is a reference for "the expression language that powers Login Rules" (per the intro paragraph), so I'm not sure this section is appropriate here.

Author: removed

> Users must have right to read and maintain `login_rule` objects within 
> their role. The default `editor` role will automatically have this configured. Here
> is an example role with those rights.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Users must have right to read and maintain `login_rule` resources.
The preset `editor` role includes these permissions by default.
Here is an example role with those permissions:
```
